Add BEFORE_ALL options (#342)
joerick/cibuildwheel: docs/options.md

!!! note
    `cibuildwheel` always defines the environment variable `CIBUILDWHEEL=1`. This can be useful for [building wheels with optional extensions](faq.md#building-packages-with-optional-c-extensions).

### `CIBW_BEFORE_ALL` {: #before-all}
> Execute a shell command preparing common part for each wheel. 

Shell command to prepare common part of project (ex. build libraries which does not depend on python).
This option is added mainly for linux build, because linux wheels are build in isolated from host docker containers.

The placeholder `{package}` can be used here; it will be replaced by the path to the package being built by `cibuildwheel`.

> For windows and macos `CIBW_BEFORE_ALL` python interpreter is same as `cibuildwheel` is run. For linux it is default interpreter for docker image. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version of Python available inside `CIBW_BEFORE_ALL` is not controlled by cibuildwheel. On Windows and macOS, it's whatever is available on the host machine. For Linux, this comes from the Docker image, which on manylinux, is something rather old. Consider using a Python inside `/opt/python`, e.g. `/opt/python/cp38-cp38/bin/python`.
```

Platform-specific variants also available:<br/>
 `CIBW_BEFORE_ALL_MACOS` | `CIBW_BEFORE_ALL_WINDOWS` | `CIBW_BEFORE_ALL_LINUX`

#### Examples
```yaml
# build third party library
CIBW_BEFORE_ALL: make -C third_party_lib

# install system library

> CIBW_BEFORE_ALL: yum install -y libffi-dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CIBW_BEFORE_ALL_LINUX: yum install -y libffi-dev
```
